feat: direct upload (#242)
ethersphere/bee-docs: docs/access-the-swarm/direct-upload.md

---
title: Direct upload
id: direct-upload
---

:::caution

> We recommend turning the encryption *ON* when using this feature. Otherwise the uniformity assumption will be broken.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We recommend turning encryption *ON* when using this feature with content that has to be re-uploaded due to uniqueness and uniformity assumptions regarding chunk addresses that have been stamped in a given postage batch.

> If the encryption is *OFF* the stamp value will decrease faster.

Reviewer: this is true only if you try to reupload the same content again using the same postage stamp

> If the encryption is *OFF* then uploading the same content multiple times using the same postage stamp will lead to its value decreasing faster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please note that when uploading the same content multiple times using the same postage stamp without encryption will cause your postage stamp to fill-up faster than usual!
```

:::

#### Configuration

> By default your bee instace will handle uploads in a _deferred_ manner.

Reviewer: instance
